it's 1500 GMT that's 5:00 p.m. in Gaza
where Israeli forces continue their
nonstop attacks and bombardment of the
strip they've killed almost
185,000 Palestinians in just over nine
weeks in Northern Gaza soldiers stormed
the Kamal adwan Hospital well these
pictures are from last week but this is
the courtyard where Israeli forces
rounded up Palestinian boys and men
including health workers also in the nor
a medical worker was shot and injured
other doctors have been subjected to
humiliating treatment by soldiers at
Israeli checkpoint well here's an
account of what happened to one red
crescent worker traveling between
northern and southern
Gaza he informed us that he was harassed
beaten threatened and even stripped of
his uniform
blindfolded hands tied behind his back
and and and and treated in a degrading
and a imitating uh Manner and and once
released he had to walk towards the
South with his hands still tight and and
with out with a t-shirt only and and no
shoes and there he was he could make a
call a un School in B hanoon has been
destroyed while Israeli soldiers cheered
hundreds of displaced families were
Sheltering there and now have nowhere to
go and in southern Gaza at least 20
Palestinians were killed in a dawn
attack on several homes in Rafa Israeli
military is pressing on with its
offensive and its bombing of Civilian
areas let's go to T Abu aom in Rafa in
southern Gaza now TK tell us what more
you know about the situation with
hospitals across Gaza
now yes uh the situation for hospitals
across the territory is really critical
as only a according to the Palestinian
Ministry of Health only 11 hospitals
partially functioning right now uh after
the attacks that had been conducted and
carried out against the majority of
hospitals across the territory similarly
to the situation that happened to a
shifat hospital which had been stormed
and uh ruined by the Israeli soldiers
now uh in the north of the Gaza Strip we
have Al Al kamalan hospital and ala
Hospital which have been also under
intense buming since the early beginning
of this fighting and during last couple
of hours the Israeli forces are deployed
on the vicinities of those hospitals and
in particular in kamalan hospitals where
they are preventing any patients or
anyone from the residents who are taking
shelter inside to leave as they have
deploy their forces and snipers uh they
are adopting a clear principles of
arresting any Palestinians who is over
uh 15 years old and uh they are taking
them to undisclosed location for
investigation by the Israeli off
officers now the situation there is
critical and there is no any kind of
Medical Aid had been delivered to the uh
north of Gaza hospitals where uh doctors
and medical workers are tirelessly and
peely walking and functioning in order
to keep providing treatment especially
with the increasing numbers of the
Israeli strikes on jabalia and mlaha
town in the north of Gaza and T turning
to schools now a un run school has been
destroyed by Israeli forces
yes I personally uh know this is school
because it's my my hometown in the north
of Gaza in B hanon uh town in the
Eastern areas which is uh close to the
uh to the areas of confrontations
between Palestinian Fighters and the
Israeli occupation forces now this
school is a United Nation run school
which is which was in the early days of
the confrontations was a shelter for the
majority of Bon residents in order to be
protected from the Israeli puming now
with the start of the ground invasion
they have uh they have evacuated from
this is school Under intense Israeli
bombing now the Israeli forces had
completely destroyed uh this uh run
School uh the United Nation run school
with explosive devices uh uh which uh
clearly will impact after the period of
War on the process of of Education
simply because this school was the main
Central School in the Eastern areas that
uh that that gives education for
thousands of Palestinian students in
banon town and T we've been hearing a
lot of activity behind you there what's
been happening where you are in
Rafa yes uh in Rafa during the last uh
hour the Israeli forces had intensified
the air strikes where they have uh
destroyed a residential building uh
belong to a Brash family where a number
of Palestinians have been killed and
others have been injured we saw the uh
the scene of young girl which was
completely uh covered with smoke with
black smoke over her face a number of
dead bodies that had turned up to Al
kaiti Hospital uh just before a couple
of uh minutes and the uh when we start
to ask about the uh the place they told
us that the situation there is really
catastrophic as the ambulances kept for
more than 10 minutes of evacuating
victims from under the in order to be uh
delivered and transported to Al hospital
to receive a treatment uh ra this area
in the south is supposed to be safe
according to the uh classification of
the areas by the Israeli forces where
they have ordered people to flee to to
it in order to be away from the battle
zones now it had been repeatedly
attacked by the occupation forces which
gives a clear sense of mistrust among
Palestinians that there is no any safe
areas across Gaza D Abu AUM in Rafa
Forest there thanks very much
indeed